---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_cloud_integration_instance Resource - terraform-provider-cortexcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TODO
---

# cortexcloud_cloud_integration_instance (Resource)

TODO



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud service provider that is being integrated. Must be one of `AWS`, `AZURE` or `GCP`.
- `scan_mode` (String) Define where the scanning for the cloud environment will occur. Must be either `MANAGED` or `OUTPOST`. If set to `MANAGED`, scanning will be done in the Cortex Cloud tenant's environment. If set to `OUTPOST`, scanning will be done on the cloud infrastructure owned and managed by you.

NOTE: Scanning with an outpost may require additional CSP permissions and may incur additional costs.
- `scope` (String) Define the scope for this integration instance. Must be one of `ACCOUNT`, `ORGANIZATION` or `ACCOUNT_GROUP`.

### Optional

- `account_details` (Attributes) TODO (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account_details))
- `additional_capabilities` (Attributes) Define which additional security capabilities to enable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_capabilities))
- `collection_configuration` (Attributes) Configure the data that will be collected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collection_configuration))
- `custom_resource_tags` (Attributes Set) Custom tags that will be applied to any new resource created by Cortex in the cloud environment. By default, the `managed_by` tag will always be applied with the value `paloaltonetworks`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_resource_tags))
- `instance_name` (String) Name of the integration instance. If left empty, the name will be auto-populated.
- `scope_modifications` (Attributes) Define the scope of scans by including/excluding accounts or regions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_modifications))

### Read-Only

- `account_name` (String) TODO
- `cloud_formation_link` (String, Sensitive) Link to the CloudFormation stack generated by Cortex to deploy the necessary infrastructure for integrating the AWS account, OU or organization into Cortex. Only populated for AWS integegrations. Assign this value to the `template_url` argument in a `aws_cloudformation_stack` resource from the official AWS Terraform Provider to automatically set up the integration.
- `creation_time` (String) Timestamp representing the creation date and time of the cloud integration template.
- `instance_id` (String) A unique identifier of the integration.
- `outpost_id` (String) A unique identifier of the Outpost instance assigned to the integration.
- `status` (String) Status of the integration.
- `template_instance_id` (String) TEMPORARY: A unique identifier of the integration template.

<a id="nestedatt--account_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account_details`

Optional:

- `organization_id` (String) TODO


<a id="nestedatt--additional_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_capabilities`

Optional:

- `data_security_posture_management` (Boolean) Whether to enable data security posture management, an agentless data security scanner that discovers, classifies, protects, and governs sensitive data.
- `registry_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable registry scanning, a container registry scanner that scans registry images for vulnerabilities, malware, and secrets.
- `registry_scanning_options` (Attributes) TODO (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_capabilities--registry_scanning_options))
- `serverless_scanning` (Boolean) TODO
- `xsiam_analytics` (Boolean) Whether to enable XSIAM analytics to analyze your endpoint data to develop a baseline and raise Analytics and Analytics BIOC alerts when anomalies and malicious behaviors are detected.

<a id="nestedatt--additional_capabilities--registry_scanning_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_capabilities.registry_scanning_options`

Optional:

- `last_days` (Number) Number of days within which the tags on a registry image must have been created or updated for the image to be scanned. Minimum value is 0 and maximum value is 90. Cannot be configured if `type` is not set to `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`.
- `type` (String) Type of registry scanning. Must be one of `ALL`, `LATEST_TAG` or `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`. If set to `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`, `last_days` must be configured.



<a id="nestedatt--collection_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collection_configuration`

Optional:

- `audit_logs` (Attributes) Configuration for audit logs collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collection_configuration--audit_logs))

<a id="nestedatt--collection_configuration--audit_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collection_configuration.audit_logs`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable audit log collection.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_resource_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the custom resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the custom resource tag.


<a id="nestedatt--scope_modifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_modifications`

Optional:

- `accounts` (Attributes) Configuration for account-level scope modifications for AWS integrations. Cannot be configured if `cloud_type` is not set to `AWS`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_modifications--accounts))
- `regions` (Attributes) TODO (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_modifications--regions))

<a id="nestedatt--scope_modifications--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_modifications.accounts`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) TODO


<a id="nestedatt--scope_modifications--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_modifications.regions`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) TODO
